[#71123] Rename Nextcloud GroupFolder references to TeamFolder  https… (#21945)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/integrations/nextcloud/README.md

#### Files are not encrypted when using Nextcloud server-side encryption

> [!NOTE]

> > If your Nextcloud server uses server-side encryption, the TeamFolder encryption needs to be manually enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your Nextcloud server uses server-side encryption, encryption of the team folder needs to be manually enabled.
```

> > This is relevant for automatically managed project folders, as the TeamFolder app is used in these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is relevant for automatically managed project folders, as the Team Folders app is used in these cases.
```

> To enable encryption for TeamFolders, run the following command on your Nextcloud server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable encryption for team folders, run the following command on your Nextcloud server:
```
